c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.exe
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.pdb
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\bin\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.build.appxrecipe
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StuentDisplayPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StuentDisplayPage.g.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StuentDisplayPage.xaml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.exe
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentRegistrationApp.pdb
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
Z:\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentDisplayPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentDisplayPage.g.cs
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentRegistrationApp\StudentRegistrationApp\obj\Debug\StudentDisplayPage.xaml
